README.md, before:

# NgPointInside

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

feat(timezone-project): completed the timezone project

README.md, after:

# NgPointInside

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.3.

## Web Application Developer Coding Exercise

Build a simple web application that will do the following:

    1. Take user input for latitude and longitude
    2. Look up the timezone for the submitted coordinates using https://timezonedb.com/api
    3. Display the current local time for the submitted location

Build your app using any version of Angular that you are comfortable with, if it needs a server-side component, please use NodeJS.

Package up your source so that it can be easily built and run by our team. Deliver your solution via email as a link to GitHub, or a zip file in Dropbox or similar for our team to review.

## Running the project
To run the project start by installing `nodejs` if you do not already have it. Project was developed on the latest version of node. Then install the package dependencies by running `npm install`.

Once the dependencies are installed you are ready to compile, build and run the project using `npm start`.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
